1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be

integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

*        --> Expression

'hello'  --> Value

-87.8    --> Value

-        --> Expression

/        --> Expression 

+        --> Expression

6        --> Value

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
A variable is basically the name of the location in the primary memory of your computer. A variable can store everything from strings to numbers.
A string is the values inside the quotes assigned to a string.

3. Describe three different data types.
List: the list is used for storing multiple data items in a single variable.
Integer: integer can store only numerical values.
Float: float can store only floating values such as 233.33, 22.2, etc.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do? 
Expression is made up of values, containers, and mathematical operators (operands)
e.g : a = 2 + 3 and expressions are used to evaluate the values or represent the result on the screen.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Expression is made up of values, containers, and mathematical operators (operands) and the statement is just like a command that a python interpreter executes like print.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Ans: it gives 23 as execution code.

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

Ans: The both statements are giving same output as "spamspamspam".

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans: Because we can't start a variable name with a integer value. If have to start with a string-like alphabet name then integer. e100 or eggs100 is valid

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
int()  --> Integer Value 
str()  --> String Value
float()--> Floating-point Value

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos' 
Because 99 is an integer value, It cannot be concatenated with strings,we need to do typecasting for concatenate this statement without error.


